! Wishlist
! Add routine to output the input from CTRL file
! Implement restart functionality
! Extend diagnostics to automatically handle more numerical parameters
! Some GUI?
! Optimise memory in poisson solver
! Make optional flag to the Poisson solver to reproject vorticity along with
!  the velocity computation
! Add elapsed time for one time step to diagnostics
! Make domain dirichlet boundary conditions in velocity or vorticity by penalization
! Adaptive time (strain,fourier,(max(omega)?),
!  maybe solid force or flow acceleration (penalization work))
! Probably the vorticity should be ramped to zero at the domain bounds such that
!  reprojection does not introduce funky stuff
! Dump fields at maxitime if it corresponds to the requested frequency
! Do general input option of BC's on the domain (using penalization)
! When reading input dump dx and bounds
! Optionally do reprojection with a fixed time interval
! Or reproject whenever the divergence of the flow reaches a certain threshold
! New diagnostics: vorticity on the domain boundaries (to evaluate domain size)
! Do pencil FFT Poisson solver
! Subroutine :  naga_output: warn when too many parameters are being output
! naga_rhs: Determine what to be executed through logicals before any calls
! Higher order FD for penalization curl. and maybe for other operations
! Make diagnostics output compatible with different programs. Setting in CTRL file
! Make option for K and make option for K AND G (for reprojection)
! In the header of the diag file or some other auxillary file, write setup parameters
! Use bump function to window patch buffers
! Doing reprojection, the Poisson equation is solved for an expected zero mean.
!  However, the mean may not be zero and an offset might be required. This could
!  be done if only the delta omega is IFFTed and offset using some reference point
!  where the level e.g. is expected to be zero. And finally added to omega
! Time using a variable 'global cursor' that is multiplied and divided by a prime
!  number when entering/leaving each routine.
